
be - legyen
I - én
you - te
the - a
a - egy
to - hogy
it - azt
not - nem
that - hogy
and - és
of - a
do - csinálj
have - van
what - Mi
we - mi
in - ban
get - kap
this - ez
my - az én
me - nekem
go - megy
oh - ó
can - tud
no - nem
for - mert
know - tud
just - éppen
your - a te
all - minden
so - így
he - ő
but - de
yeah - igen
well - jól
think - gondol
here - i@
want - akar
out - ki
about - körülbelül
good - jó
come - jön
up - fel
say - mondd
now - jelenleg
at - a
one - egy
hey - hé
they - azok
see - látni
if - ha
how - hogyan
like - mint
she - ő
look - Nézze
make - készíteni
right - jobbra
guy - fickó
take - vesz
let - hagyd
really - igazán
okay - Rendben
her - neki
uh - ööö
tell - mondd el
him - neki
why - Miért
there - o@
time - idő
thing - dolog
will - akarat
like - mint
when - amikor
as - mint
because - mert
some - néhány
our - a miénk
yes - igen
there - o@
back - vissza
mean - átlagos
man - férfi
little - kis
give - ad
his - az övé
us - minket
them - őket
need - igény
then - majd
shall - kell
or - vagy
talk - beszélgetés
okay - Rendben
something - valami
where - ahol
great - nagy
way - út
never - soha
call - hívás
too - is
by - által
sorry - sajnálom
over - fele@
love - szeretet
wait - Várjon
more - több
down - le-
day - nap
two - két
people - emberek
God - Isten
very - nagyon
off - le
work - munka
thank - köszönet
big - nagy
try - megpróbál
dad - apu
maybe - talán
feel - érezni
friend - barát
even - még
sure - Persze
find - lelet
kid - kölyök
these - ezek
boy - fiú
put - tesz
please - Kérem
happen - történik
much - sokkal
night - éjszaka
bad - rossz
those - azok
any - bármilyen
right - jobbra
first - első
leave - szabadság
year - év
hear - hall
right - jobbra
ever - valaha
Mr - Úr
again - újra
use - használat
mom - anya
may - május
hi - Szia
life - élet
nice - szép
new - új
still - még mindig
kind - fajta
anything - bármi
only - csak
baby - baba
than - mint
fine - finom
hello - Helló
keep - tart
girl - lány
help - Segítség
believe - hisz
woman - nő
lot - sok
play - játék
ask - kérdez
start - indul
home - o@hon
nothing - semmi
their - az ő
meet - találkozik
show - megmutat
around - körül
guess - találgatás
old - régi
hell - pokol
before - elő@
always - mindig
three - három
listen - hallgat
thanks - Köszönöm
minute - perc
actually - tulajdonképpen
eat - eszik
place - hely
live - élő
away - el
after - után
bring - hozni
every - minden
everything - minden
money - pénz
person - személy
watch - óra
other - más
remember - emlékszem
house - ház
wrong - rossz
kill - megöl
school - iskola
everyone - mindenki
run - fut
late - késő
care - gondoskodás
car - autó
move - mozog
idea - ötlet
another - másik
someone - valaki
today - ma
turn - fordulat
real - igazi
happy - boldog
whole - egész
week - hét
job - munka
fun - szórakozás
problem - probléma
break - szünet
world - világ
which - melyik
must - kell
party - fél
buy - vétel
through - keresztül
together - együ@
room - szoba
family - család
stay - marad
lose - veszít
stuff - dolog
son - fiú
stupid - hülye
name - név
everybody - mindenki
last - utolsó
long - hosszú
tonight - ma este
child - gyermek
sit - ül
course - pálya
pretty - szép
hold - tart
game - játék
forget - elfelejteni
else - más
own - saját
five - öt
second - második
doctor - orvos
dollar - dollár
enough - elég
dog - kutya
funny - vicces
wear - viselet
die - meghal
sir - uram
hard - kemény
honey - méz
sound - hang
sex - szex
hate - gyűlölet
suppose - feltételezem
God - Isten
head - fej
understand - megérteni
whoa - Hűha
movie - film
worry - aggodalom
cool - hűvös
marry - házasságot kötni
miss - hiányzik
pay - fizetés
hour - óra
crazy - őrült
change - változás
hot - forró
most - legtöbb
excuse - mentség
mother - anya
check - ellenőrzés
pick - csákány
word - szó
same - azonos
yourself - magad
ready - kész
seem - látszik
win - győzelem
walk - séta
father - apa
story - történet
already - már
hope - remény
part - rész
open - nyito@
lady - hölgy
read - olvas
drink - ital
sleep - alvás
number - szám
write - ír
morning - reggel
tomorrow - holnap
next - következő
phone - telefon
four - négy
last - utolsó
once - egyszer
somebody - valaki
probably - valószínűleg
without - nélkül
many - sok
such - ilyen
eye - szem
drive - hajtás
wife - feleség
book - könyv
hang - akasztani
since - mivel
throw - dobás
name - név
dead - halo@
stand - állvány
myself - magamat
aw - jaj
dinner - vacsora
anyone - bárki
hand - kéz
each - minden
anyway - különben is
television - televízió
learn - tanul
shut - zárva
town - város
beautiful - gyönyörű
both - mindkét
date - dátum
spend - tölt
office - hivatal
hit - találat
yet - még
save - megtakarítás
true - IGAZ
sweet - édes
food - élelmiszer
while - míg
send - elküld
high - magas
anymore - többé
also - is
news - hír
Christmas - karácsonyi
ten - Tz
ass - szamár
business - üzleU
only - csak
couple - párosít
totally - teljesen
door - ajtó
gay - meleg
exactly - pontosan
parent - szülő
few - kevés
month - hónap
easy - könnyen
deal - üzlet
hurt - fáj
nobody - senki
OK - RENDBEN
perfect - tökéletes
lie - hazugság
free - ingyenes
young - fiatal
weird - furcsa
whatever - bármi
brother - testvér
work - munka
kid - kölyök
ago - ezelő@
end - vég
other - más
ball - labda
finally - végül
line - vonal
its - annak
important - fontos
fall - esik
heart - szív
long - hosszú
fat - zsír
class - osztály
shoot - lő
picture - kép
sell - elad
side - oldal
wish - kíván
love - szeretet
mind - elme
hair - haj
cut - vágo@
wedding - esküvő
reason - ok
become - válik
least - legkevésbé
look - Nézze
bite - harapás
fuck - basszus
under - ala@
bed - ágy
paper - papír
different - különböző
catch - fogás
mine - enyém
six - hat
set - készlet
face - arc
speak - beszél
suck - szív
sometimes - néha
city - város
special - különleges
stick - bot
question - kérdés
dude - haver
realize - rájönni
birthday - születésnap
point - pont
enjoy - élvez
fact - tény
dance - tánc
soon - hamar
bar - bár
wonder - csoda
joke - tréfa
relationship - kapcsolat
chance - véletlen
black - fekete
almost - majdnem
fight - harc
card - kártya
song - dal
little - kis
bye - Viszlát
coffee - kávé
awesome - döbbenetes
sick - beteg
apartment - lakás
sorry - sajnálom
back - vissza
figure - ábra
pull - Húzni
box - doboz
dream - álom
water - víz
decide - dönt
store - bolt
bet - tét
lunch - ebéd
face - arc
anybody - bárki
afraid - félek
buddy - haver
cute - csinos
close - közeli
bathroom - fürdőszoba
show - megmutat
mind - elme
steal - lop
full - tele
company - vállalat
front - elülső
ahead - előre
moment - pillanat
case - ügy
date - dátum
though - bár
body - test
Mrs - Asszony
pants - nadrág
bitch - kurva
promise - ígéret
glad - boldog
kiss - csók
either - bármelyik
fire - Tűz
grow - nő
build - épít
table - táblázat
ticket - jegy
matter - anyag
teach - tanít
cat - macska
sister - nővér
girlfriend - barátnő
hat - kalap
touch - érintés
terrible - szörnyű
beer - sör
damn - átkozo@
club - klub
amaze - meghökkent
smell - szag
gift - ajándék
serious - súlyos
plan - terv
street - utca
team - csapat
order - rendelés
cry - kiáltás
zero - nulla
drop - csepp
act - törvény
alone - kizárólag
seat - ülés
eh - ööö
between - közö@
eight - nyolc
twenty - húsz
foot - láb
seven - hét
finish - befejezés
gentleman - úriember
hand - kéz
point - pont
blow - fúj
small - kicsi
trouble - baj
sweetie - édesem
sing - énekel
pass - átmegy
beat - üt
piece - darab
shoe - cipő
welcome - üdvözöljük
god - Isten
white - fehér
kick - rúgás
bag - táska
fire - Tűz
early - korai
excite - felizgat
wonderful - csodálatos
seriously - komolyan
country - ország
mouth - száj
question - kérdés
dear - kedves
quite - egészen
smart - okos
husband - férj
shh - pszt
invite - meghív
rest - pihenés
yours - a Uéd
behind - mögö@
key - kulcsfontosságú
end - vég
dress - ruha
red - piros
laugh - nevetés
help - Segítség
agree - egyetért
machine - gép
yep - Igen
return - visszatérés
space - tér
mad - őrült
truth - igazság
ice - jég
follow - követni
outside - kívül
idiot - idióta
rule - szabály
absolutely - teljesen
next - következő
against - ellen
American - amerikai
need - igény
scare - megijeszt
notice - értesítés
chicken - csirke
ride - lovagol
music - zene
join - csatlakozik
next - következő
good-bye - búcsú
ruin - rom
war - háború
screw - csavar
light - fény
along - mentén
poor - szegény
sense - érzék
able - képes
matter - anyag
secret - Utkos
fly - repül
top - felső
sure - Persze
fair - igazságos
relax - pihenj
boyfriend - barát
plan - terv
mistake - hiba
luck - szerencse
group - csoport
daughter - lánya
college - főiskola
president - elnök
far - messze
sign - jel
close - közeli
message - üzenet
freak - szörnyszülö@
fault - hiba
quick - gyors
till - amíg
except - kivéve
single - egyetlen
shirt - ing
choice - választás
attention - Figyelem
power - hatalom
quit - kilép
answer - válasz
trust - bizalom
fifty - ötven
leg - láb
wake - ébred
human - emberi
star - csillag
student - diák
air - levegő
chair - szék
gun - pisztoly
begin - kezdődik
death - halál
tree - fa
boss - főnök
while - míg
present - jelenlegi
instead - helye@e
lucky - szerencsés
safe - biztonságos
cold - hideg
ahh - áá
explain - magyarázd el
video - videó
brain - agy
completely - teljesen
voice - hang
cake - torta
drink - ital
trip - utazás
monkey - majom
hundred - száz
fix - javítás
entire - teljes
expect - számítani
million - millió
allow - engedélyez
forever - örökre
hide - elrejt
huge - hatalmas
interesting - érdekes
fight - harc
roll - tekercs
clothes - ruházat
fast - gyors
grab - megragad
teacher - tanár
crap - szar
animal - állaU
burn - éget
tough - kemény
restaurant - é@erem
sort - fajta
tooth - fog
marriage - házasság
proud - büszke
uncle - nagybácsi
push - tol
butt - csikk
offer - ajánlat
unless - hacsak
feeling - érzés
suit - öltöny
floor - emelet
cream - krém
favorite - kedvenc
naked - meztelen
list - lista
ring - gyűrű
clean - Uszta
apologize - bocsánatot kérni
clear - világos
Earth - Föld
share - részesedés
fill - töltelék
cool - hűvös
ridiculous - nevetséges
alive - élő
pretend - színlelni
hospital - kórház
sad - szomorú
bunch - csokor
half - fél
police - rendőrség
fish - hal
window - ablak
busy - elfoglalt
sign - jel
call - hívás
pie - pite
answer - válasz
raise - emel
somewhere - valahol
sandwich - szendvics
thirty - harminc
sale - eladás
choose - választ
definitely - határozo@an
swear - esküszik
pretty - szép
boat - hajó
tired - fáradt
upset - felborít
less - kevesebb
nine - kilenc
thousand - ezer
smoke - füst
embarrass - zavarba hoz
band - zenekar
bear - medve
none - egyik sem
Santa - Mikulás
strong - erős
law - törvény
toilet - WC
jump - ugrás
count - gróf
egg - tojás
Saturday - szombat
blue - kék
horrible - szörnyű
shit - szar
favor - szívesség
handle - fogantyú
wall - fal
art - művészet
cover - borító
arm - kar
perhaps - talán
simple - egyszerű
bus - busz
appreciate - értékelem
himself - ő maga
surprise - meglepetés
candy - cukorka
finger - ujj
worth - érdemes
state - állami
possible - lehetséges
rich - gazdag
short - rövid
king - király
knock - kopogás
cookie - süU
penis - hímvessző
history - történelem
imagine - képzeld el
third - harmadik
blood - vér
drug - kábítószer
future - jövőbeli
prove - bizonyítani
surprise - meglepetés
alright - rendben van
captain - kapitány
evening - este
congratulations - Gratulálok
system - rendszer
record - rekord
age - kor
deserve - megérdemlik
normal - normál
yesterday - tegnap
jerk - bunkó
yay - hurrá
bird - madár
nose - orr
bother - zavar
fan - venUlátor
letter - levél
rather - inkább
head - fej
interested - érdekelt
owe - tartozik
pregnant - terhes
destroy - elpuszTt
bear - medve
evil - gonosz
milk - tej
admit - beismerni
apparently - látszólag
conversation - beszélgetés
obviously - nyilvánvalóan
jacket - kabát
during - ala@
accept - elfogad
dumb - néma
consider - fontolóra
mention - említés
step - lépés
deal - üzlet
hungry - éhes
situation - helyzet
lead - ólom
twelve - Uzenkét
fantastic - fantaszUkus
hole - lyuk
plus - plusz
note - jegyzet
test - teszt
honest - becsületes
character - karakter
holy - szent
manager - menedzser
lesson - lecke
soul - lélek
nope - dehogy
dark - sötét
difference - különbség
wine - bor
road - út
calm - nyugodt
personal - személyes
clown - bohóc
computer - számítógép
horse - ló
gosh - istenem
mayor - polgármester
inside - belső
sexy - szexis
dirty - piszkos
carry - visz
professor - egyetemi tanár
usually - általában
bottle - üveg
cheese - sajt
summer - nyári
remind - emlékeztet
afternoon - délután
pee - pisilni
across - át
angry - dühös
fella - fickó
reach - elér
shower - zuhany
cup - csésze
lawyer - ügyvéd
camera - kamera
pain - fájdalom
hurry - siet
desk - íróasztal
monster - szörnyeteg
certainly - biztosan
cop - zsaru
credit - hitel
prepare - készít
anywhere - bárhol
breakfast - reggeli
bastard - fa@yú
damn - átkozo@
church - templom
hire - bérel
decision - döntés
Miss - Hiányzik
pig - sertés
loser - vesztes
deep - mély
chocolate - csokoládé
service - szolgáltatás
Jew - zsidó
tape - szalag
kitchen - konyha
half - fél
rid - megszabadulni
grandpa - nagypapa
hero - hős
shot - lövés
spot - folt
folks - emberek
yell - ordítás
awful - szörnyű
scene - színhely
trick - trükk
asshole - seggfej
issue - kérdés
lovely - bájos
visit - látogatás
honor - becsület
clean - Uszta
second - második
chick - csaj
costume - ruha
Friday - péntek
hall - terem
Ms - Asszony
fake - hamisítvány
forgive - megbocsát
grade - fokozat
fifteen - Uzenöt
ought - kellene
cheat - csal
Chinese - kínai
crap - szar
create - teremt
comfortable - kényelmes
hotel - szálloda
magazine - magazin
settle - letelepedni
accident - baleset
boob - fajankó
excellent - kiváló
neighbor - szomszéd
train - vonat
board - bizo@ság
spirit - szellem
cow - tehén
building - épület
ear - fül
giant - óriás
ugly - csúnya
toy - játék
cancel - mégsem
strange - furcsa
aunt - néni
island - sziget
extra - külön-
fit - illik
rock - szikla
step - lépés
action - akció
bill - számla
field - mező
kiss - csók
fresh - friss
level - szint
cost - költség
size - méret
cell - sejt
serve - szolgál
shake - ráz
neck - nyak
bowl - tál
control - ellenőrzés
loud - hangos
bedroom - hálószoba
check - ellenőrzés
heaven - ég
right - jobbra
commercial - kereskedelmi
draw - rajzolni
guest - vendég
insane - őrült
fail - kudarc
cook - szakács
pleasure - öröm
truck - teherautó
science - tudomány
careful - óvatos
nervous - ideges
although - bár
gas - gáz
ew - új
scream - sikoly
pool - medence
appear - megjelenik
clearly - egyértelműen
silly - buta
feed - takarmány
charge - díj
neither - sem
wash - mosás
stink - bűz
magic - mágikus
plane - repülőgép
tiny - apró
prison - börtön
cause - ok
photo - fénykép
public - nyilvános
button - gomb
flower - virág
memory - memória
own - saját
fast - gyors
base - bázis
involve - bevonni
madam - madám
blame - hibáztatni
whoo - Hűha
bike - bicikli
freeze - fagy
sexual - szexuális
code - kód
celebrate - ünnepel
couch - kanapé
inside - belső
price - ár
assume - feltételez
delicious - finom
forty - negyven
player - játékos
soup - leves
waste - hulladék
coat - kabát
doll - baba
security - biztonság
warm - meleg
football - futball
model - modell
whose - akinek
besides - kívül
middle - középső
shop - üzlet
garbage - szemét
client - ügyfél
ground - föld
lame - béna
project - projekt
dare - merészel
shop - üzlet
episode - epizód
glass - üveg
green - zöld
lock - zár
award - díj
straight - egyenes
unbelievable - hihetetlen
court - bíróság
experience - tapasztalat
final - végső
large - nagy
salad - saláta
belong - tartozik
fuck - basszus
station - állomás
area - terület
vote - szavazás
crime - bűncselekmény
meat - hús
romantic - romanUkus
treat - élvezet
forward - előre
glasses - szemüveg
lie - hazugság
taste - íz
weight - súly
mail - felad
cab - taxi
two hundred - kétszáz
boring - fúrás
information - információ
total - teljes
channel - csatorna
page - oldal
suddenly - hirtelen
sake - szaké
Thanksgiving - Hálaadás
private - magán
French - francia
winner - győztes
past - elmúlt
pen - toll
twice - kétszer
cousin - unokatestvér
jealous - féltékeny
mess - rendetlenség
planet - bolygó
scary - ijedős
universe - világegyetem
upstairs - emeleten
genius - zseni
dangerous - veszélyes
nuts - diófélék
ourselves - magunkat
race - verseny
suggest - javasol
turn - fordulat
sea - tenger
officer - Usztviselő
meal - étkezés
popular - népszerű
report - jelentés
welcome - üdvözöljük
flight - repülési
change - változás
driver - sofőr
wheel - kerék
dump - szemétlerakó
five hundred - ötszáz
member - tag
add - hozzáadás
confuse - összezavar
form - forma
government - kormány
Sunday - vasárnap
order - rendelés
continue - folytatás
event - esemény
quiet - csendes
low - alacsony
color - szín
Jewish - zsidó
nah - nem
breast - mell
parking - parkolás
ride - lovagol
wild - vad
turkey - Törökország
blah - blabla
thought - gondolat
famous - híres
gold - arany
pound - font
skin - bőr
one hundred - száz
rat - patkány
switch - kapcsoló
tie - nyakkendő
career - karrier
juice - lé
like - mint
protect - védelmet
shame - szégyen
bottom - alsó
respect - Usztelet
underwear - alsónemű
Indian - indián
closet - szekrény
meeting - találkozó
sun - nap
afford - megengedhet magának
bald - kopasz
engage - bekapcsolódni
plant - növény
towel - törülköző
mall - bevásárlóközpont
regular - szabályos
bone - csont
dig - ásni
fear - félelem
cancer - Rák
discuss - megbeszélni
fancy - képzelet
control - ellenőrzés
advice - tanács
center - központ
apple - alma
everywhere - mindenhol
holiday - ünnep
cash - készpénz
common - közös
crush - összetörni
mess - rendetlenség
peace - béke
warn - figyelmeztet
welcome - üdvözöljük
adult - felnő@
noise - zaj
rock - szikla
super - szuper
bread - kenyér
fucking - kibaszo@
porn - pornó
three hundred - háromszáz
type - Tpus
borrow - kölcsön
department - osztály
plate - lemez
breathe - lélegzik
classic - klasszikus
disgusting - undorító
tall - magas
taste - íz
replace - cserélni
somehow - valahogy
theater - színház
discover - felfedezni
incredible - hihetetlen
plenty - bőven
comedy - komédia
enter - belép
introduce - bemutatni
whenever - bármikor
butter - vaj
possibly - esetleg
sweetheart - Édesem
jail - börtön
season - évad
study - tanulmány
miracle - csoda
complete - teljes
hook - horog
perfectly - tökéletesen
stare - bámul
flag - zászló
jeez - istenem
roommate - szobatárs
ship - hajó
wood - faipari
actor - színész
break - szünet
prize - díj
thanks - Köszönöm
corner - sarok
fourth - negyedik
sneak - se@enkedik
piss - húgy
pocket - zseb
tip - Upp
alone - kizárólag
lately - utóbbi időben
queen - királynő
tear - könny
especially - főleg
lay - világi
pressure - nyomás
rip - hasítás
assistant - helye@es
camp - tábor
judge - bíró
North - Északi
often - gyakran
vacation - vakáció
impossible - lehetetlen
square - négyzet
left - balra
grandma - nagymama
gross - bru@ó
pal - haver
smile - mosoly
speech - beszéd
bust - mellszobor
gee - Jé
handsome - jóképű
safety - biztonság
test - teszt
community - közösség
beach - strand
gym - tornaterem
toast - pirítós
disease - betegség
paint - festék
themselves - maguk
Monday - héaő
pack - csomag
punch - puncs
customer - vevő
healthy - egészséges
invent - feltalálni
princess - hercegnő
merry - vidám
someday - valamikor
blind - vak
certain - bizonyos
solve - megoldani
study - tanulmány
sweater - pulóver
terrific - nagyszerű
wet - nedves
attack - támadás
beg - könyörög
cigarette - cigare@a
sugar - cukor
weekend - hétvégi
damn - átkozo@
sock - zokni
emergency - vészhelyzet
mood - hangulat
peanut - földimogyoró
stage - színpad
tight - szoros
gum - gumi
moon - hold
nature - természet
straight - egyenes
angel - angyal
corporate - társasági
damn - átkozo@
exist - létezik
ghost - szellem
sauce - szósz
stomach - gyomor
twenty-five - huszonöt
block - tömb
herself - önmaga
murder - gyilkosság
speed - sebesség
Jesus - Jézus
mix - keverék
track - pálya
opportunity - lehetőség
society - társadalom
whoo-hoo - Húúú
upon - rá
difficult - nehéz
killer - gyilkos
lip - ajak
market - piac
goodness - jóság
pillow - párna
tie - nyakkendő
arrive - megérkezik
mountain - hegy
slip - csúszás
belt - öv
museum - múzeum
oil - olaj
press - sajtó
respect - Usztelet
airplane - repülőgép
airport - repülőtér
honestly - őszintén
contest - verseny
fabulous - mesés
spell - varázslat
whoever - bárki
bell - harang
friendship - barátság
national - nemzeU
alien - idegen
dream - álom
fool - bolond
past - elmúlt
bless - áldás
cartoon - rajzfilm
near - közel
swim - úszás
fruit - gyümölcs
roof - tető
theory - elmélet
according - szerint
guilty - bűnös
potato - burgonya
dish - tál
sound - hang
uncomfortable - kényelmetlen
wrap - betakar
cheap - olcsó
employee - munkavállaló
interview - interjú
perform - előadni
spring - tavaszi
text - szöveg
tour - kirándulás
treat - élvezet
awkward - kínos
expensive - drága
unfortunately - sajnos
purse - pénztárca
charge - díj
ha-ha - Haha
divorce - válás
ring - gyűrű
bra - melltartó
brown - barna
duck - kacsa
English - angol
celebrity - híresség
double - ke@ős
period - időszak
rent - bérlés
today - ma
barely - alig
bye-bye - viszlát
ignore - figyelmen kívül hagyni
language - nyelv
laundry - mosoda
social - szociális
dress - ruha
soft - puha
apology - bocsánatkérés
concert - koncert
disappoint - csalódást okozni
knife - kés
hilarious - vidám
judge - bíró
blanket - takaró
comic - komikus
leader - vezető
local - helyi
neighborhood - környék
trap - csapda
West - nyugat
bury - eltemetni
whore - kurva
cross - kereszt
sheet - lap
suffer - szenved
tax - adó
bath - fürdőkád
receive - kap
sometime - egykori
split - hasíto@
soda - szóda
talent - tehetség
account - számla
convince - meggyőzni
dessert - desszert
purpose - cél
report - jelentés
weak - gyenge
cheer - éljenzés
move - mozog
support - támogatás
research - kutatás
tongue - nyelv
Valentine - Szerető
pill - table@a
snake - kígyó
battle - csata
license - engedély
nut - dió
health - egészség
natural - természetes
gorgeous - nagyszerű
vagina - hüvely
audience - közönség
knee - térd
term - kifejezés
dance - tánc
score - pontszám
sue - perel
whether - hogy
artist - művész
attack - támadás
bang - bumm
bean - bab
attractive - vonzó
breath - lehelet
cover - borító
empty - üres
lonely - magányos
painting - festés
truly - valóban
army - hadsereg
avoid - elkerül
gang - banda
land - föld
nerd - kocka
others - mások
slap - pofon
when - amikor
appointment - kinevezés
dick - fasz
lesbian - leszbikus
outfit - felszerelés
adventure - kaland
devil - ördög
liar - hazug
nurse - nővér
pot - edény
responsible - felelős
salesman - eladó
slow - lassú
smile - mosoly
wallet - pénztárca
commit - elkötelez
example - példa
fake - hamisítvány
obvious - nyilvánvaló
pirate - kalóz
radio - rádió
chase - üldözés
due - esedékes
familiar - ismerős
homework - házi feladat
birth - születés
Canadian - kanadai
favorite - kedvenc
prefer - előnyben részesít
rub - dörzsölje
sky - ég
basically - alapvetően
coach - edző
deliver - szállít
laboratory - laboratórium
address - cím
lift - lib
concern - vonatkozik
eleven - Uzenegy
round - kerek
wish - kíván
guard - őr
contact - érintkezés
over - fele@
package - csomag
travel - utazási
sixty - hatvan
anniversary - évforduló
force - erő
rest - pihenés
spread - terjedés
adorable - imádni való
ocean - óceán
percent - százalékos
shit - szar
wing - szárny
above - fele@
alcohol - alkohol
crash - összeomlás
insurance - biztosítás
nuclear - nukleáris
pathetic - szánalmas
row - sor
sight - látvány
trash - szemét
available - elérhető
brave - bátor
climb - emelkedés
earn - pénzt keres
East - KeleU
impress - lenyűgöz
league - liga
waste - hulladék
within - belül
writer - író
crowd - tömeg
flip - megfordítás
hug - ölelés
drag - húzás
funeral - temetés
literally - szó szerint
lousy - tetves
opinion - vélemény
pack - csomag
spit - nyárs
van - furgon
behavior - viselkedés
complain - panaszkodik
future - jövőbeli
interest - kamat
itself - maga
mirror - tükör
recently - nemrég
stripper - sztripTztáncos
subject - téma
bright - fényes
design - tervezés
general - általános
kidney - vese
result - eredmény
strike - sztrájk
corn - kukorica
correct - helyes
grandmother - nagymama
hug - ölelés
nightmare - lidércnyomás
ours - a miénk
yellow - sárga
rise - emelkedik
Christian - keresztény
doughnut - fánk
original - eredeU
position - pozíció
quarter - negyed
fool - bolond
annoy - bosszant
can - tud
match - mérkőzés
play - játék
traffic - forgalom
actual - tényleges
banana - banán
conference - konferencia
lake - tó
medical - orvosi
medicine - gyógyszer
pray - imádkozik
shave - borotválkozás
tub - kád
bake - süt
option - opció
South - Déli
creepy - hátborzongató
douchebag - seggfej
eventually - végül is
interrupt - megszakítás
library - könyvtár
rude - durva
advertisement - hirdetés
danger - veszély
fourteen - Uzennégy
master - fő-
math - matemaUka
propose - javasol
Thursday - csütörtök
apart - szétválasztva
darling - Drágám
gather - gyűjt
mostly - többnyire
support - támogatás
bubble - buborék
energy - energia
heavy - nehéz
laser - lézer
manage - kezel
meanwhile - közben
network - hálózat
weapon - fegyver
condition - állapot
copy - másolat
female - női
quickly - gyorsan
religion - vallás
snow - hó
Tuesday - kedd
version - változat
bomb - bomba
clear - világos
faith - hit
innocent - ártatlan
remove - eltávolít
survive - túlélni
bee - méh
bride - menyasszony
cause - ok
fifth - ötödik
several - számos
basketball - kosárlabda
downtown - belvárosi
elephant - elefánt
freak - szörnyszülö@
wipe - törölje
arrest - letartóztatás
bored - uno@
bully - verekedő
clock - óra
indeed - valóban
massage - masszázs
shape - alak
skip - kihagyás
strike - sztrájk
dry - száraz
remain - marad
style - sTlus
surgery - sebészet
toe - lábujj
yard - udvar
brilliant - ragyogó
circle - kör
duty - vám
enemy - ellenség
focus - fókusz
lover - szerető
midnight - éjfél
simply - egyszerűen
Spanish - spanyol
boom - fellendülés
describe - leírni
legal - jogi
Mexican - mexikói
powerful - erős
series - sorozat
wire - huzal
candle - gyertya
diaper - pelenka
direction - irány
divorce - válás
eighteen - Uzennyolc
express - expressz
plastic - műanyag
responsibility - felelősség
starve - éheztetni
united - egyesült
worker - munkás
hope - remény
immediately - azonnal
nowhere - sehol
separate - különálló
watch - óra
emotional - érzelmi
hardly - alig
pilot - pilóta
vampire - vámpír
attitude - hozzáállás
balloon - ballon
exact - pontos
frankly - őszintén szólva
hip - csípő
pet - kedvenc
prank - csíny
announcement - közlemény
effect - hatás
escape - menekülés
golden - aranysárga
nipple - mellbimbó
rough - durva
stick - bot
trade - kereskedelmi
twin - iker
waiter - pincér
architect - építészmérnök
beauty - szépség
mate - társ
official - hivatalos
practice - gyakorlat
t-shirt - póló
bug - bogár
crack - repedés
four hundred - négyszáz
half - fél
smoke - füst
contract - szerződés
nail - köröm
recognize - felismerni
scientist - tudós
set - készlet
shoulder - váll
successful - sikeres
turd - szar
view - kilátás
basement - pince
degree - fokozat
fortune - szerencse
hit - találat
invitation - meghívás
nail - köröm
oops - hoppá
professional - szakmai
search - keresés
swing - hinta
train - vonat
weather - időjárás
alarm - riasztás
fun - szórakozás
kitty - cica
nap - szunyókálás
practice - gyakorlat
precious - értékes
product - termék
rabbit - nyúl
role - szerep
snack - falatozás
sucker - szívó
tag - címke
chef - séf
chew - rágás
evidence - bizonyíték
fantasy - fantázia
operation - művelet
puppy - kölyökkutya
rain - eső
spin - pörgés
throat - torok
e-mail - email
present - jelenlegi
reality - valóság
saint - szent
top - felső
victim - áldozat
waitress - pincérnő
booze - nyakal
condom - óvszer
director - igazgató
hunt - vadászat
menu - menü
mystery - rejtély
quiet - csendes
regret - megbánás
technically - technikailag
ton - tonna
attract - vonz
aware - tudatában
chest - mellkas
dentist - fogorvos
far - messze
focus - fókusz
illegal - illegális
mouse - egér
pencil - ceruza
sentence - mondat
sixteen - Uzenhat
squeeze - présel
audition - meghallgatás
lobster - homár
success - siker
terrorist - terrorista
asleep - alvó
fashion - divat
glove - kesztyű
item - tétel
recommend - ajánlom
tuna - tonhal
warehouse - raktár
Italian - olasz
lazy - lusta
tank - tartály
whale - bálna
zone - zóna
honor - becsület
panic - pánik
bachelor - agglegény
chain - lánc
creature - teremtmény
diamond - gyémánt
however - viszont
image - kép
parade - felvonulás
rocket - rakéta
solution - megoldás
cable - kábel
culture - kultúra
forty-five - negyvenöt
garage - garázs
male - férfi
revenge - bosszú
shrimp - garnélarák
thin - vékony
vote - szavazás
aside - félre
bum - ingyenélő
distract - elterelni a figyelmet
humiliate - megaláz
locker - öltözőszekrény
native - bennszülö@
performance - teljesítmény
policy - poliUka
pony - póniló
release - kiadás
stone - kő
woohoo - juhúú
advantage - előny
basket - kosár
breakup - szakítás
device - eszköz
garden - kert
patient - beteg
pink - rózsaszín
represent - képvisel
thirteen - Uzenhárom
treasure - kincs
amount - összeg
fart - fing
newspaper - újság
wind - szél
act - törvény
ashamed - szégyellem
champion - bajnok
light - fény
scout - felderítő
guitar - gitár
mental - szellemi
sensitive - érzékeny
twenty-four - huszonnégy
heat - hőség
otherwise - egyébként
seventeen - Uzenhét
string - húr
wind - szél
downstairs - földszint
impressive - hatásos
poop - tat
property - ingatlan
skill - készség
walk - séta
dammit - a francba
lead - ólom
pancake - palacsinta
slow - lassú
stranger - idegen
charity - jótékonyság
crap - szar
freedom - szabadság
pour - öntés
stuff - dolog
tradition - hagyomány
beef - marhahús
bite - harapás
bullet - golyó
curious - kíváncsi
disaster - katasztrófa
factory - gyár
forest - erdő
middle - középső
odd - páratlan
provide - biztosít
repeat - ismétlés
section - szakasz
subway - metró
choke - fojtás
dirt - piszok
frog - béka
pumpkin - tök
swallow - nyelés
bacon - szalonna
clever - okos
competition - verseny
e-mail - email
lick - nyalás
mission - misszió
pair - pár
soap - szappan
tail - farok
tattoo - tetoválás
activity - tevékenység
bridge - híd
detail - részlet
diet - diéta
insult - sértés
theme - téma
university - egyetemi
champagne - pezsgő
charming - bájos
compare - összehasonlítás
gut - belek
map - térkép
napkin - szalvéta
punch - puncs
apply - jelentkezik
challenge - kihívás
collect - gyűjt
cupcake - muﬃn
fridge - hűtőszekrény
imagination - képzelet
joke - tréfa
pad - párna
script - forgatókönyv
whip - ostor
left - balra
affair - ügy
benefit - haszon
beyond - túl
book - könyv
citizen - polgár
fart - fing
grant - támogatás
junk - szemét
magical - mágikus
prom - szalagavató
schedule - menetrend
studio - stúdió
value - érték
wise - bölcs
Bible - Biblia
clue - nyom
suicide - öngyilkosság
Wednesday - szerda
friendly - barátságos
claim - követelés
complicate - bonyolít
doubt - kétség
generation - generáció
grave - sír
require - igényel
stair - lépcsőfok
depend - függ
maid - szobalány
moron - idióta
necessary - szükséges
oven - sütő
paint - festék
refer - utal
scratch - karcolás
spill - bukás
stain - folt
adopt - örökbe fogadni
brush - kefe
delivery - kézbesítés
disappear - eltűnik
elementary - alapvető
tear - könny
trap - csapda
amazing - elképesztő
Asian - ázsiai
boot - csomagtartó
connection - kapcsolat
eve - este
happiness - boldogság
lifetime - éle@artam
officially - hivatalosan
quality - minőség
agreement - megállapodás
argument - érv
carpet - szőnyeg
crisis - válság
design - tervezés
drawer - fiók
further - további
incredibly - hihetetlenül
loose - laza
pair - pár
refuse - hulladék
risk - kockázat
selfish - önző
village - falu
anger - harag
assure - biztosítékot
bet - tét
bingo - bingó
bunny - nyuszi
crawl - csúszás
demand - kereslet
desperate - kétségbeese@
elevator - lib
goat - kecske
honeymoon - nászút
insist - ragaszkodik
million - millió
murder - gyilkosság
usual - szokásos
beloved - szerete@
copy - másolat
festival - feszUvál
tennis - tenisz
threaten - fenyeget
beginning - kezdet
cigar - szivar
dancer - táncos
heck - a fene
low - alacsony
material - anyag
Yankee - jenki
chapter - fejezet
chat - csevegés
homeless - hajléktalan
lap - öl
major - őrnagy
river - folyó
shark - cápa
strength - erő
accidentally - véletlenül
ancient - ősi
collection - gyűjtemény
exercise - gyakorlat
include - tartalmaz
offense - sértés
screen - képernyő
tomato - paradicsom
cafeteria - büfé
crack - repedés
crappy - vacak
Japanese - japán
statue - szobor
supply - kínálat
versus - kontra
winter - téli
tool - eszköz
asleep - alvó
bend - kanyar
commitment - elköteleze@ség
disturb - zavar
fish - hal
joy - öröm
presentation - előadás
shove - lök
tube - cső
being - lény
damn - átkozo@
experiment - kísérlet
fellow - fickó
German - német
jar - korsó
mint - menta
physical - fizikai
punish - büntetni
remote - távoli
slut - kurva
twist - csavar
cap - sapka
criminal - bűnügyi
eight hundred - nyolcszáz
inspire - inspirál
main - fő-
sink - mosogató
smooth - sima
snap - pa@anás
thumb - hüvelykujj
witness - tanú
abandon - elhagyni
affect - hatással
beard - szakáll
bucket - vödör
county - megye
gain - nyereség
poem - vers
reporter - riporter
review - felülvizsgálat
training - edzés
among - közö@
battery - akkumulátor
deny - tagadni
electric - elektromos
flavor - aroma
forbid - Ult
fudge - karamell
hooray - hurrá
obsess - gyötör
positive - poziTv
rob - rablás
signal - jel
solid - szilárd
website - weboldal
aye - igen
century - század
click - kadntás
cracker - keksz
dry-cleaning - vegyUszTtás
dump - szemétlerakó
effort - erőfeszítés
gate - kapu
hooker - kurva
impression - benyomás
inappropriate - nem megfelelő
inspector - ellenőr
statement - nyilatkozat
thrill - izgalom
wiener - virsli
bond - kötvény
challenge - kihívás
filthy - mocskos
grandfather - nagyapa
host - házigazda
producer - termelő
witch - boszorkány
appropriate - megfelelő
coincidence - egybeesés
furniture - bútor
laugh - nevetés
lemon - citrom
load - terhelés
mock - ál
normally - normális esetben
physics - fizika
sack - zsák
stock - készlet
storm - vihar
wheelchair - kerekesszék
announce - bejelenteni
bagel - bécsi kifli
cocktail - koktél
committee - bizo@ság
crew - legénység
defense - védelem
extremely - rendkívül
file - fájl
haircut - hajvágás
loss - veszteség
proof - bizonyíték
salt - só
score - pontszám
spare - tartalék
tape - szalag
ex - volt
fairy - tündér
fort - erőd
grape - szőlő
including - beleértve
makeup - smink
nation - nemzet
six hundred - hatszáz
block - tömb
childhood - gyermekkor
cut - vágo@
develop - fejleszteni
race - verseny
reference - referencia
shorts - rövidnadrág
talk - beszélgetés
therapist - terapeuta
tip - Upp
tone - hangnem
warm - meleg
accent - hangsúly
avenue - sugárút
below - ala@
cloud - felhő
concern - vonatkozik
distance - távolság
doubt - kétség
exhaust - kipufogó
goal - cél
roll - tekercs
suggestion - javaslat
grocery - élelmiszerbolt
belief - hit
bump - ütődés
inch - hüvelyk
jury - zsűri
neat - Uszta
odds - esély
reservation - foglalás
rush - rohanás
spider - pók
squirrel - mókus
topic - téma
toss - dobás
uniform - egyenruha
violence - erőszak
wide - széles
zoo - állatkert
boo - lehurrogás
bullshit - hülyeség
cruel - kegyetlen
dial - tárcsa
jeans - farmer
pile - halom
poison - méreg
pure - Uszta
romance - románc
slave - rabszolga
slowly - lassan
awake - ébren
belly - has
booth - bódé
gentle - kedves
pipe - cső
poster - poszter
Russian - orosz
sweep - söpörni
sword - kard
ultimate - végső
debate - vita
explode - felrobban
float - úszó
justice - igazságszolgáltatás
kick - rúgás
poker - póker
pride - büszkeség
psych - pszichológus
rain - eső
rare - ritka
rumor - szóbeszéd
title - cím
vision - látomás
wrestle - birkózik
column - oszlop
connect - kapcsolódni
hockey - jégkorong
hook - horog
kidnap - elrablás
limo - limuzin
painful - fájdalmas
path - útvonal
permission - engedély
prince - herceg
process - folyamat
senator - szenátor
smash - összetör
mean - átlagos
anytime - bármikor
back - vissza
bat - denevér
ceremony - szertartás
declare - kijelenteni
helpful - hasznos
iron - vas
picture - kép
print - nyomtatás
rope - kötél
sail - vitorla
sleep - alvás
attend - részt vesz
doom - végzet
education - oktatás
flush - öblítés
fry - süt
melt - olvad
pardon - Bocsánat
passion - szenvedély
personally - személyesen
poop - tat
popcorn - pa@ogato@ kukorica
pussy - punci
trick - trükk
zombie - zombi
ankle - boka
bail - óvadék
discount - kedvezmény
entertainment - szórakozás
excuse - mentség
jazz - dzsessz
kind - fajta
lion - oroszlán
match - mérkőzés
prayer - ima
stamp - bélyeg
betray - elárul
bracelet - karkötő
brownie - manó
creative - alkotó
expression - kifejezés
lock - zár
negative - negaTv
pickle - savanyúság
puzzle - rejtvény
recipe - recept
stab - szúrás
toward - felé
wave - hullám
wherever - bárhol
article - cikk
backwards - visszafelé
central - közponU
mustache - bajusz
pudding - puding
seek - keres
slide - csúszik
tit - cinege
trial - próba
trophy - trófea
best - legjobb
damage - kár
decent - megfelelő
easily - könnyen
engine - motor
journey - utazás
lawn - gyep
place - hely
pretzel - perec
routine - ruUn
sand - homok
someplace - valahol
stretch - nyújtózkodás
whack - ütés
bloody - véres
brand - márka
British - brit
budget - költségvetés
cabin - kabin
determine - meghatározni
doggie - kutyus
entertain - szórakoztatni
helmet - sisak
jackass - hímszamár
media - média
motion - mozgás
poke - bök
practically - gyakorlaUlag
rule - szabály
scotch - skót
source - forrás
spoil - zsákmány
teenager - Uzenéves
turtle - teknősbéka
visit - látogatás
authority - hatóság
bleed - vérzik
comment - megjegyzés
compete - versenyez
confidence - bizalom
convention - konvenció
defend - megvédeni
flash - vaku
heal - gyógyít
hippie - hippi
inside - belső
past - elmúlt
phase - fázis
puppet - báb
respond - reagál
reveal - felfed
sharp - éles
transfer - átruházás
wig - paróka
aisle - folyosó
command - parancs
detective - nyomozó
dolphin - delfin
exit - kijárat
expert - szakértő
grand - nagy
heat - hőség
industry - ipar
label - címke
limit - határ
mature - ére@
pitch - hangmagasság
pump - sziva@yú
racist - rasszista
swing - hinta
whom - kit
comedian - komikus
compliment - bók
fork - villa
guarantee - garancia
magician - bűvész
murderer - gyilkos
occur - előfordul
pork - sertéshús
soccer - futball
wave - hullám
access - hozzáférés
actress - színésznő
backup - biztonsági mentés
bam - bumm
behave - viselkedik
encourage - bátorít
estate - birtok
fellow - fickó
flirt - flört
handicap - hátrány
hose - tömlő
incident - incidens
lost - elvesze@
occasion - alkalom
route - útvonal
secretary - Utkár
classy - ízléses
confess - bevallom
drown - megfullad
environment - környezet
false - HAMIS
highly - nagyon
legend - legenda
production - termelés
tale - mese
talented - tehetséges
threat - fenyegetés
vegetable - növényi
amen - ámen
capital - tőke
cruise - hajókázás
experience - tapasztalat
forth - tovább
judgment - ítélet
nonsense - ostobaság
offend - megsért
pepper - bors
phrase - kifejezés
picnic - piknik
privacy - magánélet
self - én
shitty - szar
smell - szag
attach - csatolni
billion - milliárd
cheers - Egészségére
coma - kóma
contain - tartalmaz
earring - fülbevaló
fascinating - elbűvölő
fear - félelem
gal - lány
ham - sonka
pronounce - kiejteni
sample - minta
victory - győzelem
behold - íme
cereal - gabona
concentrate - sűrítmény
depressed - nyomo@
drama - dráma
explanation - magyarázat
fate - sors
hallway - folyosó
ninety - kilencven
particular - különös
pleased - elégede@
response - válasz
search - keresés
cold - hideg
ground - föld
liquor - folyadék
lower - alacsonyabb
miserable - nyomorult
pin - tű
purchase - vásárlás
satisfy - kielégíteni
sexually - szexuálisan
shout - kiáltás
site - telek
thee - téged
tonight - ma este
unit - egység
complaint - panasz
condo - társasházi lakás
cool - hűvös
donate - adományoz
fur - szőrme
good-looking - jóképű
gravy - szab
imaginary - képzeletbeli
lemonade - limonádé
muscle - izom
nearly - közel
opposite - szemben
rent - bérlés
sweat - izzad
tiger - Ugris
valuable - értékes
alcoholic - alkoholos
arrest - letartóztatás
counselor - tanácsadó
failure - hiba
farmer - gazda
horn - kürt
human - emberi
lamp - lámpa
orange - narancs
peach - őszibarack
roller - henger
staff - személyzet
text - szöveg
thief - tolvaj
force - erő
secret - Utkos
approve - jóváhagy
campus - egyetem
coast - tengerpart
cure - gyógymód
dinosaur - dinoszaurusz
directly - közvetlenül
dry - száraz
haunt - tanya
location - elhelyezkedés
open - nyito@
owner - tulajdonos
patch - tapasz
treatment - kezelés
trunk - törzs
abortion - abortusz
bark - ugat
bartender - csapos
brunch - villásreggeli
casual - alkalmi
chaos - káosz
chief - fő
chop - szelet
dust - por
intend - szándékozik
lottery - lo@ó
musical - zenei
opening - nyílás
personality - személyiség
publish - közzétenni
sausage - kolbász
spot - folt
underneath - alul
unfair - Usztességtelen
violent - erőszakos
wizard - varázsló
aboard - fedélzeten
argue - vitatkozni
attempt - kísérlet
badly - rosszul
bush - bokor
fold - hajtás
footage - felvétel
height - magasság
labor - munkaerő
nephew - unokaöcs
pass - átmegy
reaction - reakció
shy - félénk
cage - ketrec
colonel - ezredes
courage - bátorság
cure - gyógymód
delightful - elragadó
emotion - érzelem
expose - leleplez
fence - kerítés
glue - ragasztó
noodle - tökfej
organ - szerv
pole - pólus
refrigerator - hűtőszekrény
skull - koponya
touch - érintés
airline - légitársaság
background - há@ér
bravo - bravó
cheek - arc
count - gróf
expense - költség
Irish - ír
ladder - létra
mug - bögre
nickname - becenév
pea - borsó
principal - fő
rack - állvány
session - ülés
soldier - katona
urine - vizelet
virgin - szűz
wander - vándorol
bump - ütődés
carrot - sárgarépa
circus - cirkusz
former - korábbi
generous - nagylelkű
gesture - gesztus
halfway - félúton
inside - belső
ninja - nindzsa
o'clock - órakor
promise - ígéret
prostitute - prosUtuált
round - kerek
shelter - menedék
sperm - sperma
technology - technológia
thanks - Köszönöm
agent - ügynök
ability - képesség
awfully - szörnyen
cherry - cseresznye
discussion - vita
documentary - dokumentumfilm
invest - befektetés
jet - sugárhajtású
knowledge - tudás
load - terhelés
minister - miniszter
motherfucker - köcsög
offensive - támadó
promote - népszerűsíteni
retire - visszavonul
singer - énekes
specific - különleges
sudden - hirtelen
tuck - behúzás
sin - bűn
chart - diagram
grader - földgyalu
ant - hangya
bull - bika
carefully - gondosan
cleaning - UszTtás
dork - hülye
dummy - színlelt
exam - vizsgálat
helicopter - helikopter
moustache - bajusz
rate - arány
recall - visszahívás
reject - elutasít
ski - sí
spy - kém
stress - feszültség
therapy - terápia
travel - utazási
upper - felső
very - nagyon
sponge - szivacs
profit - nyereség
assignment - kijelölés
bounce - ugrál
branch - ág
daily - napi
dice - dobókocka
dignity - méltóság
entirely - teljesen
flatter - hízeleg
form - forma
fraud - csalás
offer - ajánlat
pit - gödör
slow - lassú
status - állapot
terrify - megijeszt
thirty-five - harmincöt
yogurt - joghurt
random - véletlen
blond - szőke
cube - kocka
alley - sikátor
arrange - elintézni
coupon - kupon
ditch - árok
drunk - részeg
edge - él
gamble - szerencsejáték
gray - szürke
hostage - túsz
inform - tájékoztat
likely - valószínűleg
mask - maszk
nasty - csúnya
Olympics - Olimpia
panties - bugyi
priest - pap
rock - szikla
shine - ragyog
shower - zuhany
left - balra
capable - képes
corporation - vállalat
delete - töröl
dental - fogászaU
engagement - elköteleződés
entitle - feljogosít
howdy - szia
ironic - ironikus
movement - mozgás
piano - zongora
scooter - robogó
silver - ezüst
slightly - némileg
sort - fajta
tragic - tragikus
underpants - alsónadrág
cabinet - szekrény
debt - adósság
global - globális
hereby - ezennel
kindergarten - óvoda
mustard - mustár
old-fashioned - régimódi
procedure - eljárás
progress - előrehalad
scale - skála
select - kiválasztás
rib - borda
armed - fegyveres
astronaut - űrhajós
backyard - udvar
camp - tábor
capture - elfog
cart - kocsi
casino - kaszinó
Catholic - katolikus
chop - szelet
cleaner - UszTtó
desert - sivatag
ex-boyfriend - volt barát
executive - végrehajtó
foreign - külföldi
fully - teljesen
interview - interjú
lean - sovány
louse - tetű
march - március
novel - regény
one thousand - ezer
orange - narancs
sense - érzék
slice - szelet
species - faj
strip-club - sztripTzbár
weigh - mérlegelni
weirdo - különc
shadow - árnyék
accomplish - elérni
barbecue - grillezés
cast - öntvény
curse - átok
define - meghatározni
double - ke@ős
equipment - felszerelés
fever - láz
front - elülső
gig - koncert
harassment - zaklatás
intelligent - intelligens
manner - modor
marijuana - marihuána
operate - működik
post - posta
quest - küldetés
raise - emel
raisin - mazsola
record - rekord
religious - vallási
skinny - sovány
slide - csúszik
stinky - büdös
sushi - szusi
thy - te
whew - tyűha
adult - felnő@
allergic - allergiás
appearance - megjelenés
cave - barlang
drunken - i@as
fireman - tűzoltó
frame - keret
graduate - diplomás
hammer - kalapács
naughty - rossz
nine hundred - kilencszáz
salary - fizetés
signature - aláírás
slap - pofon
special - különleges
bowl - tál
border - határ
afterwards - később
curtain - függöny
defeat - vereség
desire - vágy
ex-wife - volt feleség
firework - tűzijáték
habit - szokás
lane - sáv
late - késő
management - menedzsment
mighty - hatalmas
Muslim - muzulmán
nanny - dajka
nicely - szépen
polite - udvarias
political - poliUkai
rage - harag
rainbow - szivárvány
smelly - büdös
tissue - szövet
triangle - háromszög
useless - hiábavaló
visitor - látogató
angle - szög
anonymous - névtelen
calendar - naptár
comic - komikus
dibs - játékcsontocskák
dip - mártogatós
financial - pénzügyi
flat - lakás
grand - nagy
identity - idenUtás
light - fény
living - élő
register - nyilvántartás
shocking - megdöbbentő
shopping - bevásárlás
sixth - hatodik
spoon - kanál
strawberry - eper
target - cél
teenage - Uzenéves
thick - vastag
whoops - hoppá
counter - ellen
agency - ügynökség
carnival - karnevál
confirm - megerősíteni
corpse - hulla
disagree - nem ért egyet
feature - funkció
firm - cég
fit - illik
hill - hegy
hopefully - remélhetőleg
jam - lekvár
lamb - bárány
local - helyi
log - napló
party - fél
printer - nyomtató
sketch - vázlat
ski - sí
steam - gőz
superhero - szuperhős
terribly - szörnyen
toothbrush - fogkefe
top - felső
council - tanács
deck - fedélzet
dragon - sárkány
election - választás
lack - hiány
lawsuit - per
lecture - előadás
mysterious - Utokzatos
pleasant - kellemes
pregnancy - terhesség
professional - szakmai
reward - jutalom
risk - kockázat
rose - rózsa
scientific - tudományos
specifically - konkrétan
tune - dallam
acid - sav
argh - ááá
candidate - jelölt
differently - eltérően
economy - gazdaság
eighty - nyolcvan
fee - díj
flame - láng
foundation - alapítvány
joint - közös
oy - ó
punishment - büntetés
rally - gyűlés
reception - recepció
request - kér
resist - ellenáll
schedule - menetrend
seven hundred - hétszáz
shock - sokk
sore - fájó
suspect - gyanúsíto@
union - unió
telephone - telefon
extra - külön-
accuse - vádol
ape - emberszabású majom
badge - jelvény
barn - istálló
buck - bak
catch - fogás
divide - osztás
eternity - örökkévalóság
hopeless - reménytelen
intervention - beavatkozás
jam - lekvár
knock - kopogás
mattress - matrac
millionaire - milliomos
observe - megfigyelni
react - reagál
speaker - hangszóró
spicy - fűszeres
stadium - stadion
syndrome - szindróma
unhappy - boldogtalan
vow - fogadalom
will - akarat
youth - ifúság
admire - csodál
ambulance - mentőautó
bonus - bónusz
commission - jutalék
crotch - ágyék
deer - szarvas
fountain - szökőkút
grease - zsír
immigrant - bevándorló
injury - sérülés
intense - erős
journal - folyóirat
launch - dob
medal - érem
mile - mérföld
plant - növény
rescue - mentés
semester - szemeszter
tire - gumi
worship - imádat
seed - mag
dot - pont
a.m. - de.
alert - éber
confident - magabiztos
currently - jelenleg
escape - menekülés
found - talált
frustrate - frusztrál
improve - javítani
intercourse - közösülés
investment - beruházás
jelly - zselé
loan - hitel
musical - zenei
protest - Ultakozás
seal - pecsét
shock - sokk
silent - csendes
temperature - hőmérséklet
testicle - here
typical - Upikus
unusual - szokatlan
approach - megközelítés
April - április
attempt - kísérlet
bow - íj
castle - vár
dine - vacsorázni
fiance - vőlegény
goo - ragacs
governor - kormányzó
lotion - testápoló
measure - intézkedés
necklace - nyaklánc
nor - sem
orgasm - orgazmus
poetry - költészet
reasonable - ésszerű
run - fut
scam - átverés
shift - váltás
sneaker - tornacipő
straighten - kiegyenesedik
tap - csap
track - pálya
unlike - ellentétben
bench - pad
blowjob - szopás
championship - bajnokság
Coke - Koksz
darkness - sötétség
diary - napló
figure - ábra
guilt - bűnösség
horny - kemény
intimate - meghi@
laughter - nevetés
lend - kölcsönöz
organization - szervezet
outside - kívül
purple - lila
rice - rizs
seminar - szeminárium
senior - idősebb
shape - alak
sheep - juh
sweat - izzad
upside - felfelé
vehicle - jármű
seventy - hetven
achieve - elérni
addiction - függőség
architecture - építészet
certain - bizonyos
demon - démon
dry-cleaner - vegyUszTtó
dumbass - idióta
freezer - mélyhűtő
guide - útmutató
harm - kár
honk - dudál
install - telepítés
mascot - kabala
massive - tömeges
metal - fém
nest - fészek
nineteen - Uzenkilenc
possibility - lehetőség
praise - dicséret
prescription - recept
produce - termel
salmon - lazac
surround - körülölelő
tragedy - tragédia
trip - utazás
troll - manó
tune - dallam
wagon - kocsi
whisper - su@ogás
yummy - isteni finom
ban - Ulalom
bind - kötés
brand-new - vadonatúj
butterfly - pillangó
cast - öntvény
ceiling - mennyezet
constantly - állandóan
elbow - könyök
electricity - elektromosság
exchange - csere
grass - fű
misunderstanding - félreértés
reunion - újraegyesülés
rush - rohanás
sacred - szent
sergeant - őrmester
solo - szóló
syrup - szirup
therefore - ezért
timing - időzítés
where - ahol
whistle - síp
knight - lovag
awful - szörnyű
ballet - bale@
blade - penge
blast - robbanás
celebration - ünneplés
cheesecake - saj@orta
communicate - kommunikálni
cough - köhögés
cripple - nyomorék
dozen - tucat
fall - esik
following - következő
goddamn - a francba
heel - sarok
hold - tart
lad - fiú
noon - dél
onion - hagyma
pound - font
relieve - enyhíteni
saving - megtakarítás
scheme - rendszer
silence - csend
skate - korcsolya
twenty-two - huszonke@ő
volunteer - önkéntes
application - alkalmazás
cinnamon - fahéj
coconut - kókuszdió
construction - építés
curse - átok
Easter - húsvéU
ex-girlfriend - volt barátnő
explore - felfedezni
frame - keret
highway - autópálya
imply - jelent
pottery - fazekasság
soak - áztatás
sticker - matrica
survivor - túlélő
task - feladat
yoga - jóga
beast - vadállat
biology - biológia
carve - farag
destiny - sors
detention - fogva tartás
direct - közvetlen
drill - fúró
firm - cég
grill - grillsütő
potential - potenciális
rehearsal - próba
related - összefüggő
ribbon - szalag
spaghetti - spaged
stress - feszültség
stuffing - töltelék
surely - biztosan
twenty-three - huszonhárom
drum - dob
accountant - könyvelő
chill - hideg
coaster - hullámvasút
conditioner - kondicionáló
cone - kúp
deaf - süket
dismiss - elutasít
dive - merülés
error - hiba
file - fájl
fly - repül
hers - az övé
jewelry - ékszerek
mercy - kegyelem
naturally - természetesen
nickel - nikkel
object - objektum
scissors - olló
secretly - Utkosan
smack - csednt
supportive - támogató
suspect - gyanúsíto@
tick - ketyeg
way - út
wicked - gonosz
wisdom - bölcsesség
woo - udvarol
essay - esszé
land - föld
audition - meghallgatás
butler - komornyik
cash - készpénz
deadly - halálos
delicate - finom
document - dokumentum
emotionally - érzelmileg
establish - létrehoz
flute - fuvola
groom - vőlegény
horror - borzalom
humanity - emberiség
maker - készítő
martini - marUni
mud - sár
needy - rászoruló
psychic - lelki
reduce - csökkenteni
retarded - retardált
return - visszatérés
rod - rúd
rubber - gumi
rug - szőnyeg
steer - Unó
symbol - szimbólum
testify - tanúskodni
thirsty - szomjas
traditional - hagyományos
try - megpróbál
twin - iker
succeed - sikerül
mob - csőcselék
basic - alapvető
behalf - nevében
booty - zsákmány
bridesmaid - nyoszolyólány
chore - házimunka
coin - érme
correct - helyes
crowded - zsúfolt
envelope - boríték
exciting - izgalmas
greetings - üdvözletek
living - élő
medication - gyógyszer
necessarily - szükségszerűen
organize - szervez
overreact - túlreagálni
pageant - parádé
press - sajtó
principle - alapelv
reward - jutalom
sneeze - tüsszentés
tasty - ízletes
tobacco - dohány
volunteer - önkéntes
whee - kerék
facility - létesítmény
skirt - szoknya
dedicate - szentel
despite - ellenére
download - letöltés
fetus - magzat
frighten - megijeszt
grateful - hálás
gravity - gravitáció
hail - jégeső
handle - fogantyú
hay - széna
hideous - förtelmes
hobby - hobbi
legally - jogilag
lighting - világítás
lobby - előcsarnok
lung - tüdő
musician - zenész
petty - piU
plot - telek
poison - méreg
presence - jelenlét
promotion - előléptetés
radioactive - radioakTv
relief - megkönnyebbülés
resource - forrás
sailor - tengerész
sober - józan
sofa - pamlag
switch - kapcsoló
tavern - kocsma
toaster - kenyérpirító
annual - évi
bathe - fürdik
bully - verekedő
catalog - katalógus
cheerleader - pompomlány
combination - kombináció
combine - kombájn
complete - teljes
conclusion - következtetés
cotton - pamut
crab - Rák
damage - kár
erase - töröl
fairly - meglehetősen
fund - alap
hog - disznó
hurricane - hurrikán
July - július
mansion - kastély
motorcycle - motorkerékpár
off - le
pigeon - galamb
politics - poliUka
proper - megfelelő
qualify - jogosult
receptionist - recepciós
recover - visszaszerez
release - kiadás
sarcasm - gúny
sheriff - seriﬀ
shoo - elhesseget
soy - szója
suspicious - gyanús
sweaty - izzadt
technique - technika
thigh - comb
toxic - mérgező
twenty-seven - huszonhét
vest - mellény
crib - gyerekágy
amusement - szórakoztatás
average - átlagos
backpack - háUzsák
balance - egyensúly
beverage - ital
boxer - bokszoló
confession - gyónás
deeply - mélységesen
fabric - szövet
herpes - herpesz
hobo - csavargó
host - házigazda
hybrid - hibrid
increase - növekedés
meth - metamfetamin
prevent - megakadályozni
prisoner - fogoly
protection - védelem
queer - furcsa
refresh - frissítés
request - kér
shush - Csi@
strap - szíj
tray - tálca
type - Tpus
yuck - fúj
vomit - hányás
academy - akadémia
anus - végbélnyílás
babysitter - bébiszi@er
banner - transzparens
beneath - ala@
bid - ajánlat
bladder - hólyag
cult - kultusz
dealer - kereskedő
flesh - hús
fulfill - teljesíteni
heck - a fene
hint - célzás
hump - púp
identify - azonosítani
intimidate - megfélemlíteni
leather - bőr
list - lista
madness - őrültség
merely - csupán
mole - anyajegy
Nazi - náci
passionate - szenvedélyes
post - posta
recent - friss
satellite - műhold
shampoo - sampon
share - részesedés
sink - mosogató
sleepy - álmos
smug - önelégült
spray - permet
straw - szalma
supermarket - szupermarket
tend - hajlamosak
twenty-one - huszonegy
umbrella - esernyő
wrestler - birkózó
bud - bimbó
boner - baklövés
riot - lázadás
blast - robbanás
chess - sakk
chin - áll
clip - csipesz
concept - koncepció
core - mag
deed - te@
destruction - megsemmisítés
display - kijelző
DNA - DNS
eighth - nyolcadik
eliminate - megszüntetni
goose - liba
homosexual - homoszexuális
invention - találmány
marathon - maraton
meaning - jelentés
minus - mínusz
ouch - Jaj
paperwork - papírmunka
physical - fizikai
pilgrim - zarándok
pitch - hangmagasság
plug - dugó
psst - psszt
replacement - csere
review - felülvizsgálat
surrender - megadás
towards - felé
vacuum - vákuum
board - bizo@ság
crystal - kristály
data - adat
done - kész
dryer - szárítógép
editor - szerkesztő
evolve - fejlődik
flow - folyik
germ - csíra
grace - kegyelem
harsh - durva
intelligence - intelligencia
jaw - állkapocs
juicy - lédús
lipstick - ajakrúzs
luckily - szerencsére
male - férfi
medium - közepes
minority - kisebbség
overnight - éjszakai
particularly - különösen
payment - fizetés
scenario - forgatókönyv
scrub - bozót
shiny - fényes
thoughtful - figyelmes
tops - felsők
tribe - törzs
worthless - értéktelen
retirement - nyugdíjazás
righty - jobbkezes
absolute - abszolút
breeze - szellő
adjustment - beállítás
adoption - örökbefogadás
anyhow - mindenesetre
athlete - sportoló
burst - robbanás
cocoa - kakaó
courtesy - udvariasság
current - jelenlegi
dough - tészta
embrace - ölelés
foolish - bolond
locate - helymeghatározás
memo - feljegyzés
mentally - szellemileg
minor - kisebb
moo - bőg
quote - idézet
raccoon - mosómedve
seduce - elcsábítani
sleeve - ujj
strangle - megfojt
sunshine - napfény
tickle - viszket
tower - torony
troop - csapat
use - használat
volume - kötet
wingman - kísérő
wonder - csoda
constant - állandó
cue - dákó
acknowledge - elismerni
addition - kiegészítés
alarm - riasztás
bass - basszus
blessing - áldás
businessman - üzletember
classroom - tanterem
clinic - klinika
coward - gyáva
driveway - műút
elect - választ
exchange - csere
fist - ököl
giant - óriás
grown-up - felnő@
indicate - jelez
ingredient - hozzávaló
instance - példány
insult - sértés
June - június
lighten - világosítani
limit - határ
mailman - postás
massage - masszázs
mop - felmosórongy
noble - nemes
opposite - szemben
pajamas - pizsama
physically - fizikailag
print - nyomtatás
pro - profi
regarding - kapcsolatban
reverend - Usztelendő
root - gyökér
ship - hajó
slutty - ribanc
sniff - szippantás
spin - pörgés
swell - dagad
thirty-one - harmincegy
value - érték
mushroom - gomba
advanced - fejle@
amuse - szórakoztat
ancestor - ős
attic - padlás
broccoli - brokkoli
circumstance - körülmény
clothing - ruházat
decade - évUzed
disorder - rendellenesség
dungeon - börtön
even - még
evolution - evolúció
exception - kivétel
function - funkció
geek - kocka
glorious - dicső
gossip - pletyka
happily - boldogan
ID - azonosító
March - március
military - katonai
nude - meztelen
pan - Pán
paradise - paradicsom
pervert - perverz
pet - kedvenc
pinch - csipet
pity - kár
rotten - rothadt
seventh - hetedik
similar - hasonló
stand - állvány
tractor - traktor
tunnel - alagút
vanilla - vanília
violate - megsérU
wreck - roncs
zip - irányítószám
bedtime - lefekvés ideje
cape - köpeny
cost - költség
crossword - keresztrejtvény
designer - tervező
enormous - hatalmas
extreme - szélső
fragile - törékeny
genetic - geneUkai
length - hossz
lightning - villám
magic - mágikus
magnificent - nagyszerű
mankind - emberiség
marshmallow - mályvacukor
May - május
meatball - húsgombóc
messy - rendetlen
mount - hegy
navy - haditengerészet
oppose - ellenezni
passenger - utas
playground - játszótér
possession - birtoklás
proposal - javaslat
psycho - pszichopata
rainforest - esőerdő
stereotype - sztereoTpia
sudden - hirtelen
sunglasses - napszemüveg
temp - hőmérséklet
thou - te
urinal - vizelde
wah - vau
Republican - Köztársasági
abuse - visszaélés
adjust - igazít
approval - jóváhagyás
certificate - bizonyítvány
coach - edző
complex - összete@
contestant - versenyző
drop - csepp
era - korszak
exhibit - kiállítás
fame - hírnév
gene - gén
hop - komló
invisible - láthatatlan
kitten - cica
maniac - mániás
myth - mítosz
needle - tű
patch - tapasz
prime - elsődleges
puke - hányás
rating - értékelés
reserve - tartalék
root - gyökér
round - kerek
sarcastic - szarkaszUkus
shelf - polc
skeleton - csontváz
submit - beküldés
supervisor - felügyelő
symptom - tünet
virus - vírus
weakness - gyengeség
barrel - hordó
applause - taps
average - átlagos
boil - forraljuk
brag - henceg
buckle - csat
burglar - betörő
caller - hívó
carton - kartondoboz
color - szín
donkey - szamár
environmental - környezeU
equal - egyenlő
expand - kibontás
flu - influenza
forehead - homlok
greet - köszönt
illness - betegség
injure - megsebesít
lifestyle - életmód
objection - kifogás
outrage - merénylet
pasta - tészta
practical - gyakorlaU
recess - mélyedés
recycle - újrahasznosít
rehearse - próbál
roast - sült
seventy-five - hetvenöt
shit - szar
shred - foszlány
sloppy - lucskos
somewhat - némileg
spray - permet
suitcase - bőrönd
take - vesz
tense - feszült
valley - völgy
web - háló
entrance - bejárat
appetite - étvágy
association - egyesület
attorney - ügyvéd
bun - konty
clubhouse - klubház
confront - szembeszállni
contribute - hozzájárul
critic - kriUkus
depressing - nyomasztó
dime - Tzcentes
discovery - felfedezés
effective - hatékony
excitement - izgalom
expectation - várakozás
eyebrow - szemöldök
fluffy - bolyhos
headache - fejfájás
independent - független
integrity - integritás
lizard - gyík
logic - logika
mug - bögre
plain - egyszerű
poet - költő
quietly - csendesen
relative - relaTv
safely - biztonságosan
shrink - összezsugorodik
slam - becsapódás
suit - öltöny
surprisingly - meglepően
testing - tesztelés
throughout - végig
tournament - torna
twist - csavar
wardrobe - gardrób
wrist - csukló
nerve - ideg
deposit - letét
trail - nyom
collar - gallér
bicycle - kerékpár
ahem - khm
alike - hasonló
allergy - allergia
atheist - ateista
chamber - kamra
cheeseburger - sajtburger
conscience - lelkiismeret
cuddle - ölelkezés
existence - létezés
gallery - galéria
instinct - ösztön
instruction - oktatás
loyal - lojális
maintain - fenntart
maintenance - karbantartás
meaningless - értelmetlen
memorize - memorizálni
missile - rakéta
moist - nedves
nag - gebe
ninety-five - kilencvenöt
pattern - minta
physicist - fizikus
pointless - értelmetlen
polish - lengyel
reading - olvasás
silence - csend
sitcom - szituációs komédia
slight - enyhe
softball - sobball labdajáték
star - csillag
strip - szalag
temple - templom
torture - kínzás
torture - kínzás
wax - viasz
wooden - fa
inner - belső
elf - manó
claw - karom
layer - réteg
refund - visszatérítés
cycle - ciklus
mighty - hatalmas
awareness - tudatosság
baggage - poggyász
closing - záró
cricket - krike@
dear - kedves
decorate - díszít
definition - meghatározás
development - fejlesztés
discipline - fegyelem
double - ke@ős
ending - befejező
entry - belépés
explosion - robbanás
frozen - fagyaszto@
guard - őr
hack - csapkod
homemade - házi
hunter - vadász
interest - kamat
kite - sárkány
master - fő-
meantime - időközben
mortgage - jelzálog
oho - óó
pact - egyezmény
palace - palota
password - jelszó
pledge - fogadalom
pond - tavacska
power - hatalom
resolution - felbontás
rig - kötélzet
sacrifice - áldozat
sector - ágazat
steam - gőz
sunset - napnyugta
superior - kiváló
surgeon - sebész
tease - kötekedik
thus - így
twenty-eight - huszonnyolc
vegetarian - vegetáriánus
videotape - videokaze@a
view - kilátás
wide - széles
workout - edzés
wound - seb
pyramid - piramis
buffet - büfé
antique - anUk
appeal - fellebbezés
arrangement - elrendezés
base - bázis
closure - bezárás
dramatic - drámai
generally - általában
hysterical - hisztérikus
ill - beteg
lid - fedél
method - módszer
outrageous - felháborító
peel - héj
rash - kiütés
sacrifice - áldozat
so-called - úgyneveze@
sophisticated - kifinomult
stool - széklet
struggle - küzdelem
subtle - apró
suspend - felfüggesztés
tension - feszültség
water - víz
wealthy - gazdag
spare - tartalék
cushion - párna
rebel - lázadó
Mafia - Maﬃa
aim - cél
auto - autó
bowel - bél
bug - bogár
bummer - dőzsölés
cater - ellát
CEO - vezérigazgató
chubby - pufók
comfort - kényelem
conflict - konfliktus
convert - megtérít
dairy - tejtermék
division - osztály
donation - adomány
edit - szerkesztés
expire - lejár
flash - vaku
flyer - szórólap
freaky - furcsa
goods - áruk
hamster - hörcsög
honesty - becsületesség
ignorant - tudatlan
inspiration - ihlet
masturbate - maszturbál
melon - dinnye
metaphor - metafora
midget - törpe
moral - erkölcsi
net - ne@ó
one hundred fifty - százötven
participate - részt vesz
quarterback - irányító
radiation - sugárzás
raw - nyers
relate - kapcsolódnak
resident - lakos
seventy-two - hetvenke@ő
snuggle - odasimul
southern - déli
sticky - ragadós
three-way - háromirányú
tin - ón
workplace - munkahely
zoom - zoomolás
acting - ható
spiritual - lelki
slot - rés
activate - akUválás
air - levegő
briefcase - aktatáska
cologne - Köln
competitive - versenyképes
cross - kereszt
depression - depresszió
early - korai
extend - kiterjeszteni
fighter - harcos
gently - gyengéden
gone - elmúlt
graduation - ballagás
grief - bánat
growth - növekedés
infect - megfertőzni
latte - la@e
leak - szivárog
logical - logikus
lure - csali
macaroni - makaróni
millennium - évezred
ninety-nine - kilencvenkilenc
olive - olajbogyó
ordinary - rendes
outer - külső
oxygen - oxigén
patient - beteg
peaceful - békés
phony - HAMIS
protocol - jegyzőkönyv
realistic - realiszUkus
recital - előadás
remarkable - figyelemre méltó
sabotage - szabotázs
sadly - szomorúan
senior - idősebb
sparkle - szikra
thirty-two - harmincke@ő
tow - kóc
vulnerable - sebezhető
waters - vizek
welcome - üdvözöljük
wolf - farkas
wreck - roncs
yum - finom
loaf - cipó
perfume - parfüm
bare - csupasz
resume - önéletrajz
scar - sebhely
bang - bumm
address - cím
agenda - napirend
assign - hozzárendel
autograph - autogram
await - vár
billionaire - milliárdos
bookstore - könyvesbolt
buyer - vevő
charade - színjáték
collapse - összeomlás
conditioning - kondicionálás
consequence - következmény
crooked - görbe
cultural - kulturális
dating - randevúzás
deli - csemege
examine - megvizsgál
fry - süt
grown - felnő@
hormone - hormon
hush - Csi@
insecure - bizonytalan
intention - szándék
international - nemzetközi
line - vonal
maple - juharfa
one thousand one hundred - ezerszáz
pose - póz
psychiatrist - pszichiáter
repair - javítás
shotgun - vadászpuska
steady - állandó
strategy - stratégia
tempt - csábít
vet - állatorvos
witness - tanú
yikes - hűha
hood - motorháztető
dawn - hajnal
tent - sátor
bathtub - fürdőkád
bitch - kurva
broad - széles
brutal - brutális
buzz - zümmögés
campaign - kampány
conduct - magatartás
copier - másológép
cranky - házsártos
eternal - örök
foam - hab
FYI - Tájékoztatásul
greedy - kapzsi
hiya - szia
kisser - csókolózni
lava - láva
like - mint
loosen - lazíts
mailbox - postafiók
naive - naiv
particle - részecske
perspective - perspekTva
plug - dugó
privilege - kiváltság
resolve - elhatározás
scarf - sál
start - indul
trainer - edző
unable - képtelen
unacceptable - elfogadhatatlan
unfortunate - szerencsétlen
update - frissítés
volcano - vulkán
weed - gyom
worthy - méltó
vault - boltozat
permanent - állandó
gag - öklendezés
addicted - függő
bah - pá
balance - egyensúly
bitter - keserű
boo - lehurrogás
braces - fogszabályozó
cashmere - kasmír
chimp - csimpánz
comfort - kényelem
communist - kommunista
consultant - tanácsadó
criticize - kriUzálni
cutie - szivi
decaf - koﬀeinmentes kávé
demonstrate - demonstrálni
denial - tagadás
distraction - figyelemelterelés
dunk - tunkol
edition - kiadás
embarrassment - zavar
extension - kiterjesztés
Frisbee - Frizbi
grind - darál
hairy - szőrös
handy - ügyes
humble - alázatos
juggle - zsonglőrködik
kit - készlet
lift - lib
loyalty - hűség
lyric - lírai
maestro - mester
molest - molesztál
occasionally - néha
overwhelm - elborít
pee - pisilni
pharmacy - gyógyszertár
preserve - megőrizni
properly - megfelelően
restroom - WC
secure - biztonságos
settlement - település
sundae - fagylaltkehely
toad - varangy
trailer - utánfutó
transform - átalakítás
trust - bizalom
uterus - méh
violation - szabálysértés
weekly - heU
flying - repülő
advise - tanácsot ad
altar - oltár
assembly - összeszerelés
bath - fürdőkád
beaver - hód
blazer - blézer
compromise - kiegyezés
conspiracy - összeesküvés
critical - kriUkai
devastated - elpuszTto@
disappointment - csalódás
drawing - rajz
dumpster - kukáskonténer
feather - madártoll
feature - funkció
furious - dühös
goddess - istennő
housekeeper - házvezetőnő
immature - éretlen
jackpot - főnyeremény
janitor - gondnok
jungle - dzsungel
Korean - koreai
lasagna - lasagne
liberty - szabadság
opponent - ellenfél
penguin - pingvin
photographer - fényképész
process - folyamat
psychic - lelki
puffy - puﬀadt
quote - idézet
racket - ütő
region - régió
robe - palást
sea - tenger
sew - varr
shatter - összetör
sickness - betegség
sidekick - haver
skank - ribanc
spice - fűszer
starter - indító
stir - keverés
structure - szerkezet
sub - alad
touchdown - földetérés
pimp - strici
brief - rövid
anxiety - szorongás
approach - megközelítés
bay - öböl
beat - üt
buzz - zümmögés
chemistry - kémia
desperately - kétségbeese@en
diabetes - cukorbetegség
diarrhea - hasmenés
dictionary - szótár
doorman - portás
exploit - kihasználni
fatty - zsíros
fluid - folyadék
forty-two - negyvenke@ő
gender - nem
glitter - fénylik
harass - zaklat
hen - tyúk
improv - improvizáció
interfere - zavar
irony - irónia
married - házas
novelty - újdonság
phew - Fú
phony - HAMIS
previous - előző
rehab - rehabilitáció
reindeer - rénszarvas
reminder - emlékeztető
rescue - mentés
resent - neheztel
rodeo - rodeó
round - kerek
severe - szigorú
slippery - csúszós
smoker - dohányos
spooky - kísérteUes
tap - csap
thirty-eight - harmincnyolc
transplant - átültetés
villain - gazember
well - jól
whatsoever - bármilyet
stunt - kaszkadőr
dock - dokk
vomit - hányás
a.k.a. - más néven
accurate - pontos
alter - változtat
ash - hamu
authentic - hiteles
basis - alap
booger - takony
broken - törö@
chemical - kémiai
clap - taps
closely - szorosan
commissioner - biztos
communication - kommunikáció
drive - hajtás
Dutch - holland
engineer - mérnök
federal - szövetségi
fetch - lehívás
forty-eight - negyvennyolc
fried - sült
glory - dicsőség
godfather - keresztapa
harmless - ártalmatlan
hurry - siet
importantly - fontosabb
lounge - társalgó
major - őrnagy
milkshake - turmix
mutant - mutáns
near - közel
negotiate - tárgyalni
notebook - jegyzeaüzet
outlet - konnektor
paycheck - fizetési csekk
prop - támaszt
quantum - kvantum
range - hatótávolság
sane - épelméjű
saxophone - szaxofon
smiley - mosolygó
solar - nap
spaceship - űrhajó
stem - szár
sting - fullánk
storage - tárolás
suite - kíséret
trade - kereskedelmi
unlock - kinyit
urban - városi
wacky - kiszámíthatatlan
warrior - harcos
Congress - Kongresszus
adore - rajong
aggressive - agresszív
balcony - erkély
beam - gerenda
charm - báj
cock - kakas
consume - fogyaszt
crank - hajtókar
duck - kacsa
European - európai
fatso - kövér
fiction - fikció
headquarters - központ
holder - tartó
income - jövedelem
ink - Unta
instrument - eszköz
jinx - vészmadár
kindly - kedvesen
liquid - folyékony
lump - csomó
magnet - mágnes
mail - felad
marketing - markeUng
originally - eredeUleg
pfft - pm
piggy - kismalac
pineapple - ananász
poo - kaki
porch - veranda
predict - megjósolni
priceless - megfizethetetlen
priority - prioritás
public - nyilvános
ramp - rámpa
receipt - nyugta
rusty - rozsdás
sandal - szandál
seize - megragadni
servant - szolga
shrink - összezsugorodik
sidewalk - járda
significant - jelentős
slaughter - levágás
spine - gerinc
stubborn - makacs
stumble - botlás
trouble - baj
upset - felborít
urge - késztetés
urgent - sürgős
veal - borjúhús
wink - kacsintás
notch - bemetszés
scum - hab
sewer - szennyvízcsatorna
bargain - alku
driving - vezetés
remark - megjegyzés
abort - megszakít
active - akTv
aid - támogatás
aspirin - aszpirin
bakery - pékség
biggie - nagyfiú
bold - bátor
bomb - bomba
brat - kölyök
cemetery - temető
cleanse - UszTt
colleague - kolléga
colon - vastagbél
confusion - zavar
congratulate - gratulál
contact - érintkezés
context - kontextus
creeps - libabőr
demand - kereslet
dull - unalmas
fog - köd
fuzzy - bolyhos
individual - egyedi
insensitive - érzéketlen
investigation - vizsgálat
investor - befektető
irresponsible - felelőtlen
knit - kötö@
meter - méter
nominate - jelöl
oatmeal - zabpehely
omelet - omle@
overcome - legyőzni
plaque - plake@
pursue - üldöz
reflect - tükröződik
relation - kapcsolat
rep - képviselő
retard - retardált
seat - ülés
shack - kunyhó
sincere - őszinte
slice - szelet
snap - pa@anás
spell - varázslat
theft - lopás
tricky - trükkös
tummy - has
twenty-six - huszonhat
undo - visszavonás
unnecessary - szükségtelen
unpleasant - kellemetlen
vase - váza
waist - derék
swan - ha@yú
premiere - bemutató
thunder - mennydörgés
bizarre - bizarr
cliff - szikla
comb - fésű
curl - becsavar
disable - leUltás
district - kerület
emerge - előbukkanni
emperor - császár
endless - végtelen
fantasize - fantáziál
folk - népi
fortunately - szerencsére
forward - előre
gap - rés
goggles - védőszemüveg
handshake - kézfogás
illusion - illúzió
infection - fertőzés
influence - befolyás
liberal - liberális
mutual - kölcsönös
nun - apáca
object - objektum
p.m. - délután
patience - türelem
pickup - felvétel
portrait - portré
possess - birtokol
rabies - vesze@ség
redneck - paraszt
regard - tekinte@el
relevant - lényeges
restrain - féken tartani
satisfaction - elégede@ség
secondly - másodszor
single - egyetlen
sip - korty
sponsor - szponzor
sprinkles - szórások
steel - acél
subtitle - felirat
tackle - felszerelés
tacky - ragadós
territory - terület
tourist - turista
tremendous - óriási
trim - vágás
tux - szmoking
valentine - szerető
vegan - vegán
womb - méh
institute - intézet
paw - mancs
absence - távollét
acceptable - elfogadható
apart - szétválasztva
assemble - összeszerelni
assistance - támogatás
back - vissza
bluff - blöﬀ
bribe - vesztegetés
bum - ingyenélő
conceive - foganni
diner - étkező
drill - fúró
expel - kiutasít
finals - döntő
flow - folyik
garlic - fokhagyma
groin - ágyék
handful - maréknyi
hike - túra
importance - fontosság
intimacy - meghi@ség
inventor - feltaláló
mummy - múmia
ninth - kilencedik
occupy - elfoglalni
pamphlet - röpirat
pause - szünet
pretentious - elbizakodo@
ranch - tanya
reverse - fordíto@
rooster - kakas
scramble - tülekedés
scrape - kaparás
sensation - érzés
shuttle - transzfer
stall - bódé
storm - vihar
summon - idézés
tad - srác
tan - cserszínű
tango - tangó
teeny - pici
tenth - Uzedik
thirty-six - harminchat
thrill - izgalom
trash - szemét
twenty-nine - huszonkilenc
unexpected - váratlan
unicorn - egyszarvú
unknown - ismeretlen
unpack - kicsomagolni
useful - hasznos
variety - fajta
vicious - gonosz
voter - szavazó
warning - figyelmeztetés
writing - írás
photograph - fénykép
jerky - száríto@
manure - trágya
razor - borotva
animate - élő
atmosphere - légkör
boundary - határ
cardboard - karton
cherish - dédelgetni
civilization - civilizáció
commander - parancsnok
conquer - meghódítani
convenience - kényelem
cook - szakács
cram - bemagol
deadline - határidő
detector - detektor
dresser - komód
elegant - elegáns
empire - birodalom
extraordinary - rendkívüli
grandson - unoka
helpless - tehetetlen
hike - túra
historical - történelmi
homeless - hajléktalan
hottie - dögös lány
identical - azonos
initiate - beavato@
investigate - nyomoz
itch - viszket
Jell-O - Zselé
juvenile - fiatalkori
lack - hiány
Latin - laUn
luggage - poggyász
mannequin - manöken
motivate - moUválni
niece - unokahúg
passport - útlevél
pharmacist - gyógyszerész
pitcher - kancsó
planetarium - planetárium
poisoning - mérgezés
policeman - rendőr
precisely - pontosan
profile - profil
reconsider - újragondolni
ritual - szertartás
robbery - rablás
self-esteem - önbecsülés
semen - sperma
six-pack - hatos csomag
sleigh - szánkó
spontaneous - spontán
stat - staUszUka
stunning - lenyűgöző
supper - vacsora
tab - fül
thirty-four - harmincnégy
thirty-seven - harminchét
toast - pirítós
tolerate - elviselni
translate - fordít
tuxedo - szmoking
wand - pálca
wipe - törölje
dimension - dimenzió
serial - sorozatszám
toll - útdíj
affection - szeretet
African-American - afroamerikai
anchor - horgony
anthropology - antropológia
author - szerző
blend - keverék
blink - pislogás
blonde - szőke
brakes - fékek
breed - fajta
brochure - brosúra
clay - agyag
coin - érme
coitus - közösülés
correction - javítás
curly - göndör
custody - őrizet
direct - közvetlen
diversity - sokféleség
dodge - kitérés
drain - csatorna
dye - festék
dynamite - dinamit
equation - egyenlet
errand - küldetés
exclusive - kizárólagos
halftime - félidő
hearing - meghallgatás
hoop - karika
hunk - nagy darab
invade - megszállni
invasion - invázió
jealousy - féltékenység
jingle - csilingel
judgmental - ítélkező
kingdom - királyság
label - címke
lollipop - nyalóka
lying - fekvő
manipulate - manipulálni
mechanic - szerelő
mode - mód
narrow - keskeny
oath - eskü
odor - szag
outstanding - kiemelkedő
owl - bagoly
pope - pápa
pursuit - törekvés
rely - támaszkodik
reputation - hírnév
restore - visszaállítás
rhyme - rím
scoop - gombóc
screw - csavar
scrotum - herezacskó
superstar - szupersztár
surface - felület
teens - Unédzserek
tweet - csipog
two thousand - kétezer
undercover - Utkos
veteran - veterán
viewer - néző
wax - viasz
whine - nyafog
windshield - szélvédő
bait - csali
epic - epikus
working - dolgozó
shovel - lapát
execute - végrehajt
experiment - kísérlet
fireplace - kandalló
flee - menekül
flood - árvíz
half-hour - fél óra
heritage - örökség
housewife - háziasszony
instructor - oktató
leftover - maradék
lieutenant - hadnagy
lovable - kedves
mayonnaise - majonéz
microphone - mikrofon
nudity - meztelenség
obligation - köteleze@ség
obsession - megszállo@ság
patrol - járőr
salty - sós
schnapps - pálinka
setup - beállítás
shortly - hamarosan
sour - savanyú
spectacular - látványos
steroid - szteroid
stomp - taposás
survival - túlélés
sweatshirt - pulóver
swell - dagad
theirs - övék
traitor - áruló
uptight - feszült
wait - Várjon
arrival - érkezés
autograph - autogram
babysit - bébiszi@erkedés
backstage - színfalak mögöd
bond - kötvény
boogie - mumus
busboy - buszfiú
buttocks - fenék
camel - teve
cattle - marha
chalk - kréta
cheater - csaló
clone - klón
cobra - kobra
contribution - hozzájárulás
cough - köhögés
devote - szentel
dip - mártogatós
doodle - firkál
ease - könnyedség
erection - erekció
harm - kár
ideal - ideál
lease - bérlet
legendary - legendás
absurd - abszurd
additional - további
advertise - hirdet
appetizer - előétel
attraction - vonzerő
blow - fúj
brick - tégla
canned - konzervált
caterer - élelmező
center - központ
chilly - hűvös
classmate - osztálytárs
conclude - következtetés
consult - konzultáljon
correctly - helyesen
cozy - kényelmes
curiosity - kíváncsiság
dorm - kollégium
educate - oktat
educational - nevelési
enthusiasm - lelkesedés
filth - piszok
fitness - fitnesz
forgiveness - megbocsátás
foul - szabálytalanság
genitals - nemi szervek
goddamned - átkozo@
guess - találgatás
gutter - esővízcsatorna
horribly - szörnyen
household - háztartás
infinite - végtelen
inject - injekció
leaf - levél növényen
leap - ugrás
leap - ugrás
loving - szerető
manly - férfias
many - sok
masterpiece - remekmű
obnoxious - kellemetlen
Olympic - olimpiai
opener - nyitó
orientation - tájolás
origin - származás
orphan - árva
penalty - büntetés
residence - lakóhely
reverse - fordíto@
shallow - sekély
shipment - szállítmány
siren - sziréna
soothe - megnyugtat
spank - elfenekel
strict - szigorú
strongly - erősen
superpower - szuperképesség
violin - hegedű
volunteer - önkéntes
wake-up - ébredés
mass - tömeg
scent - illat
grip - markolat
recorder - felvevő
acceptance - elfogadás
acquaintance - ismerős
acquire - szerez
alrighty - rendben
alternative - alternaTv
anxious - aggódó
applaud - tapsol
baloney - halandzsa
capacity - kapacitás
childish - gyerekes
circle - kör
cola - kóla
comment - megjegyzés
detect - észlelni
equal - egyenlő
exotic - egzoUkus
giggle - kuncogás
gnome - gnóm
guidance - útmutatás
historic - történelmi
kiddo - kölyök
kosher - kóser
limbo - börtön
marvelous - csodálatos
minimum - minimális
missy - kisasszony
mix - keverék
nauseous - undorító
nurse - nővér
observation - megfigyelés
obstacle - akadály
overlook - figyelmen kívül hagy
philosophy - filozófia
racist - rasszista
recruit - újonc
sexuality - nemiség
shenanigan - móka
silk - selyem
swipe - elcsór
topless - félig meztelen
trauma - sérülés
tunnel - alagút
unemployed - munkanélküli
unlikely - valószínűtlen
update - frissítés
verdict - ítélet
virginity - szüzesség
whistle - síp
x-ray - röntgen
oral - orális
affairs - ügyek
anthem - himnusz
ashtray - hamutartó
assist - segít
banker - bankár
benefit - haszon
cafe - kávéház
caffeine - koﬀein
chase - üldözés
con - csalás
container - tartály
convenient - kényelmes
cord - zsinór
courthouse - bíróság
criticism - kriUka
curb - járdaszegély
dawg - haver
delight - élvezet
distant - távoli
dizzy - szédül
dressing - öltözködés
erotic - eroUkus
eyeball - szemgolyó
facial - arc-
flap - fékszárny
freshen - felfrissít
galaxy - galaxis
guardian - gyám
highlight - kiemelés
hoard - felhalmoz
hygiene - higiénia
institution - intézmény
keeper - kapus
lettuce - saláta
maiden - lány
membership - tagság
mild - enyhe
misery - szenvedés
mistaken - téves
mixer - keverő
parlor - társalgó
pity - kár
platter - tál
pointy - hegyes
poorly - rosszul
population - lakosság
psychology - pszichológia
risky - kockázatos
robber - rabló
runner - futó
runway - kifutópálya
scholarship - ösztöndíj
slim - vékony
swimsuit - fürdőruha
temporary - ideiglenes
thankful - hálás
triple - hármas
urinate - vizel
valid - érvényes
wing - szárny
winning - nyerő
convict - elítélt
crown - korona
floss - hernyóselyem
stew - pörkölt
administration - adminisztráció
auction - árverés
billboard - hirdetőtábla
bouquet - csokor
bourbon - bourbon whisky
brainwash - agymosás
breakdown - lebontás
caramel - karamella
casting - öntvény
cease - megszűnik
cheesy - sajtos
choir - kórus
cocky - öntelt
contraction - összehúzódás
creator - Teremtő
drain - csatorna
drip - csöpög
espresso - eszpresszó
essence - esszencia
exclamation - felkiáltás
experimental - kísérleU
faculty - kar
female - női
finale - finálé
flaw - hiba
gardener - kertész
greasy - zsíros
guide - útmutató
hammock - függőágy
hostess - háziasszony
initiative - kezdeményezés
live - élő
liver - máj
loan - hitel
mermaid - sellő
military - katonai
mingle - keveredik
moose - jávorszarvas
mosquito - szúnyog
mural - falfestmény
no-one - senki
non - nem
opening - nyílás
orchestra - zenekar
orphanage - árvaház
pimple - pa@anás
portal - portál
prick - pöcs
psychological - pszichológiai
rebuild - újjáépíteni
reckon - számol
recovery - felépülés
rip-off - átverés
scare - megijeszt
simulate - szimulál
simulation - szimuláció
squad - osztag
technical - műszaki
tolerance - tolerancia
tribute - Usztelgés
vice - helye@es
vile - hitvány
wilderness - vadon
worm - féreg
trigger - ravaszt
calf - borjú
scoop - gombóc
accomplishment - teljesítmény
admission - belépés
age - kor
beside - melle@
blame - hibáztatni
cabbage - káposzta
cocaine - kokain
colorful - színes
controversial - vitato@
courtroom - tárgyalóterem
crispy - ropogós
delay - késleltetés
domestic - háztartási
eastern - keleU
elsewhere - máshol
ex-husband - volt férj
exaggerate - túloz
exercise - gyakorlat
father-in-law - após
feces - széklet
formula - képlet
freeway - autópálya
grade - fokozat
grownup - felnő@
hallelujah - Alleluja
hostile - ellenséges
hurtful - bántó
industrial - ipari
intern - gyakornok
ironically - ironikusan
irrelevant - irreleváns
isolate - izolál
knot - csomó
landlord - földesúr
leadership - vezetés
majesty - felség
merge - összeolvad
monologue - monológ
nine thirty - kilenc harminc
orgy - orgia
overdue - lejárt
postpone - elhalaszt
rag - rongy
registration - bejegyzés
rhythm - ritmus
screwdriver - csavarhúzó
scuba - búvárfelszerelés
selection - kiválasztás
shell - héj
sincerely - őszintén
sitter - felügyelő
startle - megijeszt
stripe - csík
stroller - babakocsi
stud - csap
subscription - előfizetés
sunrise - napkelte
toupee - üstök
unconscious - öntudatlan
underestimate - alábecsülni
unique - egyedülálló
various - különféle
vein - ér
weep - sír
whiskey - whisky
witty - szellemes
worry - aggodalom
memorial - emlékmű
permit - engedély